# Social Susceptibility
-------NOTE-------
-Different faces, honesty issue?
-Highly active when engaged, but unlikely to maintain the mood for many hours, dont even dream days, Crave having inactive days after having big social days like party 
-For people I meet for first time, I behave extroverted. For people I have known for long, I behave passive and inactive: this have been criticised
<!-- -Don't think about my group's decision, letting others in charge of the flow: indecisiveness, neutral-->
-Prefer to be connected to as many people as possible, but not enjoying being engaged in deep and lasted relationship
-------NOTE-------

I have long been acknowledging that I am very susceptible to people, or even a person. It is true in general that anyone is influenced by their surrounding environment. Interpersonal situations are evidently very strong ones, and it has a particularly deeper impact on some people like myself. I tend to let other people express themselves, and drive the whole situation according to what they want rather than proactively claiming what I want. I always find this to be very easy and effective, since I have barely been someone triggering conflicts in the social situations. I became very conforming to other people in any social situation. This can be very effective as stated, but perhaps not psychologically fit in a long run.

I would like to describe the mechanism my mind generates internally to cope with social situations here. About 10 years ago, I realised I put social masks when I engaged in a social situation. I always wanted to protect myself from being exposed, like classes in object-oriented programming. I have believed this is a safe and effective structure to insulate my inner self from external things. I behaved so that people wouldn't be offended. I tried my best to keep everyone satisfied with me. However, I realised that it requires mental energy significantly, as I expanded my network while maintaining the old relations. Also, for different groups of people, I sometimes had to behave differently, without thinking much about who I was. The hiding tentency often led to dishonest situations, as a result of effort not to harm other's feelings.

It is not that I am asocial all the time. I prefer engaging in social situations where I can encounter new people. My coping mechanism has developed its way to behave extroverted when I meet someone for first time. On the other hand, I get easily drained when I engage in situations with people who I already know. Perhaps I lack interpersonal skills in different proximity level.




## FEEDBACK
What am I actually trying to understand about myself here? All these appear, but none is declared primary.
* Is it why I conform?
* Is it how masks work?
* Is it why energy behaves asymmetrically with people?

