I have been feeling ennui over last few weeks, barely witnessing extraordinary events happening around me. Monotonously gloomy winter in Copenhagen exacerbate my boredom. It might also stem from my mind as well. I have been searching for future opportunities for months, exploring my inner self, endlessly asking ~~what does it genuinely want~~ what it genuinely. So it could be a combination of external environment and state of my mind. I like to work in a different place than home. I need to find a place where I have electricity and wireless connection. Normally, it has been the Royal Library, or the Black Diamond, where they provide seats and decent wifi connection. But since last two weeks ago, I showed up in the South Campus of the University of Copenhagen, which has always be my favourite place to work. For last two weeks, I think I have been continuously stressed about my applications, even though I knew it wasn't easy. Today I show up to the university office in the North Campus of the University of Copenhagen where I used to work on my master's thesis. It is not a usual destination, so I took a new route to get to today's workplace. I took a different biking route, listening to the radio instead of music playlists I normally rely my commute on. This made me come up with something. I always have dreamt of living in a different environment than where I am. That is the main source of my yearning to live in Western World, which obviously very different from my original identity. Now looking at the exotic scene around me, reminds me of my prolonged dream, and leads me to think I am in a situation in which I can thrive. I should feel more grateful for what I have, and have had. 
